2013-06-12
==========

*Feel free to edit this file and add/remove whatever you want.*

Agenda for 09:00 "office hours"
-------------------------------

1. What data should reside in a detrending testbed?
2. What objective(s) should be used to assess "success" in the testbed?
3. What things do we need to know about the noise to write a (better)
   likelihood function?
4. Discussion of physical effects that might be relevant to generating
   instrumental variations.
5. Descope to "achievable but important" (in context of what's been done).

talking points from Hogg
------------------------
1. Clean, barely variable stars with and without inserted transits.
2. Unambiguous detection (or ruling out) of Earth-like planets.
3. p(Delta), where Delta is a residual away from a *sensible* fit, possibly
   conditional on nearby Deltas, etc.
4. There is some hope that instrumental variations, because they are small,
   can be linearized and fit with a matrix factorization (PCA-like).  This
   would make Hogg's day.
5. ?

Agenda for "rest of day"
------------------------
* continue discussion topics above
* What do we mean by "noise model"?
* look at plots of one-point and two-point properties of noise
* discuss separation of instrumental and astrophysical trends
* discuss constraints if we are going to insist on *simultaneous* trend and
  transit fitting
* what did we learn from our reading assignments?
* beer run (have established refrigerator access)

Notes
-----

* Testbed (sandbox, playpen, etc.) requirements (more on this below):
  1. non-variable + variable
  2. no transits
  3. faint + bright
  4. some known transits
  5. "failures"
  6. injections? Arguments for both sides… maybe this would live in Sandbox
     2.0™… Prsa thinks we're all stupid

* Why do we want this?
  1. for testing (not in a rigorous way) algorithms
  2. make an open dataset for others to play with
  3. another dataset for actual *testing* of methods (whatever that means)

* Loredo: suggested visualizations of transit candidates that are caused by
  instrumental effects, before/after detrending
* Baines: need a testbed that is as similar as possible to the *actual data*
* Dawson: not all targets are good targets for finding Earth-like transits so
  a good descope might involve a testbed that only represents a *small*
  fraction of the optimal data
* Prsa: instrumental and astrophysical effects are *different* (instrumental
  are common between targets [ed: mostly]) also if we only consider objects in
  a particular "box" we might miss things because there might be problems with
  the values that we're cutting on will be wrong in certain ways. Also,
  astrophysical effects can actually tell us a lot about the instrumental
  effects
* Descope options:
  1. cut on stellar properties
  2. cut on location on CCD
    * Christiansen: say 2 "sky groups" that cross through "good/quiet" CCDs
      and one that passes through some "crazyass" CCDs
    * This might be useful because some effects will be correlated between
      nearby sources but this isn't true on all of the CCDs
* Prsa: remember that we're not re-inventing the wheel
* Hogg: Are there tests that we can run today that will drive the direction
  that we'll head?
* Wolpert: there are unique talents in the room... let's take advantage of
  this!
* Everything that we're talking about is **scope** so far
* Timeline:
  1. 2013-06-14: define "sandbox" and run "all" methods on it and "evaluate".
     Does this become an arXiv paper? Service to humanity?
  2. 2013-06-21: demonstrate that we can make *new*, *unique* discoveries in
     the sandbox. In particular, recovery of injections? What about a new
     likelihood function and methodology [Baines] (for search? including noise,
     flexible stellar trends, and intrumental effects)
  3. 2013-06-28: a list of "Earth-like" planet candidates? Or at least, search
     thousands of stars (in particular, systems with known inner KOIs are
     possibly good targets)
