Briefing/Extraction Session
===========================

* Ford/Loredo: there is the option for people who are away to call in and
  present/chat
* Montet: median filter + BLS vs. other things. Using injected transits
  (250-400 day periods) and running various detrenders + BLS.
  - running polynomial: ending up with wings... leads to FSLS ("funny shape
    least squares") perhaps? Doesn't really work... instead trying running
    polynomial + transit model (gridded over transit position). Looks good
    except when you get the thermal transients... just throw out this data?
    This is really a search + detrending algorithm... hasn't tried this yet
    but will do.
  - naive median + BLS gets about 700 ppm transits on average G-stars vs.
    running polynomial + transit + (naive) BLS gets to about 500 ppm on the
    same stars.
  - Baines: wants to know more about what the detrenders do to data without
    transits
  - Ford: do we have a metric for the quality of the detrender for fitting
* Dawson: has been fitting injected transits with an early version of the
  wavelet likelihood. Investigating the size of data window to use around
  transits.
* Baines: a new model. Framework for simultaneous de-trending and parameter
  estimation. Document is on GitHub. Directly modeling SAP fluxes with
  additive(?) transit model (there is some discussion about what this means.
  Dawson: thinks that physically the model must be additive but the rest
  aren't sure. Baines: thinks that it's just an approximation for numerical
  purposes). Astrophysical signal modeled in the wavelet domain. Iteratively
  "detrend" and update transit model.
  - Loredo: how do you update the detrinding? What does this mean
    computationally? How does the updated transit model make the new detrend
    model better?
  - Baines: this is hand wavy but it might work.
  - Baines: modeling detreded light curves: updated to allow different
    variances in each quarter... shouldn't be much difference in wavelet
    structure between quarters.
  - Dawson: to do? Can people try implementing and understanding what's up
    with this jam?
* DFM: just bee-ess-ing about GPs a little.
  - all: can we use this for search?
* Gal: notched median filter is up and running... still trying out different
  settings, etc.
  - Jenkins: what about the wings?
* Angus: what about using error bars in BLS?

* (Ford: short-cadence data is auto-correlated on ~3minute time scales)
