Agenda
======

1. Status
2. Brainstorm
3. Assign tasks

Satus
-----

* Barclay: thinking about how to model transit timing variations
  approximately/simply in relation to sampling and search.
* Dawson: *wavelets*. "Mother" wavelet: step function, "father" wavelet: box.
  Somewhat unsure about the usefulness of this method. Intuition is that this
  will reduce to BLS.
* Baines: agrees. The box needs to be a *very* good model of the transit in
  order to light up on a transit. Can we save ourselves by **math**? Priors?
  (Wolpert: is it a problem that we're not using a trapezoid instead of a box?
  Dawson: probably not for small planets because ingress/egress are so short)
  It's important to note that this is sort of a simultaneous de-trend + search
  method.
* Christiansen: has generated list for sandbox and will produce injections by
  Monday. Also wants to produce a list of light curves that are not well
  de-trended/corrected by existing algorithms
* Matijevic: What to do?
* Lindon: learning about and trying to implement change point models.
* Quarles: working with sandbox to produce results for different de-trending
  algorithms
* Angus: has autocorrelation functions for G-stars
* Loredo: just hangin' out.
* M-B: looking at false positive scenarios but pretty interested in wavelets
* Wolpert: thinking about non-Gaussianity in noise models produced by
  de-trending
* Parviainen: looking at different noise models as well. Most noise in Kepler
  light curves has heavy-tails (Loredo: look at some time-domain stats on
  this)

Brainstorm
----------

* It'll be good to look at the statistic
* Dawson: there is a different type of noise during transit… crossing spots,
  etc.
* Can we map the surface of stars using multi-planet system?

Tasks
-----

* Run de-trenders on poster children + visualize
  - show 1-pt, 2-pt stats on resiuals
* visualize some sort of wavelet transform for intuition
* write down (in equations) what we *actually* mean by wavelet-based posterior
  PDF (Baines?)
* For wavelets: exploratory "which priors work?"
* How to use 2-D pixel/meta data?
