Status
------

* Have successfully produced a sandbox. No injections yet but we're getting
  there.
* Goal for this week: build a likelihood function.
  - Baines did his homework and wrote [a
    document](https://github.com/exosamsi/detrending/blob/master/documents/Wavelet_Posterior.tex).
    Please comment.


Goals
-----

* By June 21:
  - likelihood function
  - comparison of detrenders (Hogg: "catalog of crap")
* By June 28:
  - list of planet candidates


What needs to happen?
---------------------

* Hogg: agree on/implement likelihood functions and possibly a "search"
  algorithm (arguable?)
* Hogg: run existing detrenders and "learn" (in a human sense) about the
  trends... for example getting an idea for how many
* Hogg: choose a G-star target list
* Angus: how many stars?
* Gal: all of them?
* Montet: How about a (2mass) color box instead of Teff?
* Dawson/Montet: some discussion about relative usefulness of color vs. Teff
  in the KIC given that we're only interested in G stars.
* Hogg: ~10 000?
* Loredo: Anticipating possible road blocks: is it better to have a *very
  effective/accurate* method that we can only run on a few light curves or a
  fast algorithm that runs on everything? Multiple implementations?
* Dawson: good targets are ones with *known inner planets* + injections
* Quarles: useful to build a "dumb-parallelization" platform/package
  - also: functional testing with injections and known planets
* Baines: agree on a consistent API between components
* Angus: what is search? Initialization using stupid-ass likelihood function
  or incorporate all of our brilliant ideas and make a smarter search?
  - Baines: thinks that search is a hack to make a large catalog and then
    wavlet-type stuff will be applied afterwards to vet.
* Hogg/Baines: model comparison vs. "null" model (including artifacts)
* Dawson: a lot of artifacts tend to be on the scale of transit duration and
  detrending algorithms should account for this
* Hogg: do we need a *model* of stellar variability/spacecraft events/etc.
* Dawson: what about the metadata? Can we write down a hierarchical model to
  use the metadata (centroid, etc.) as well?
* Loredo: can we walk through the results of auxiliary data tests?
* Wolpert: what about a toy model? The proper likelihood function will be slow
  and non-Gaussian but it would be good to have an "emulator" to play with
* Hogg: simple injections to supplement Christiansen's

...

* Run on everything
* **WRITE A PAPER/PAPERS**
* Baines: there are probably several de-scoped papers in this list.

* Dawson: path forward? Does out-of-transit information help?
  - Hogg: related? Think about timing, duration, and depth of transits?
* Dawson: it seems like sometimes the TTV models are overfitting
  - Loredo: can we see a demo? It's important to know about the failure modes
    of Carter+Winn method if we're going to improve on it
* Baines: it will be hard to find the "right priors" (we'll need to start in
  the right ballpark) but we'll probably need to tune based on performance


Possible papers
---------------

1. **Detrending**: what do we learn from running detrenders on sandbox?
2. **Likelihood function**: description and example of radical likelihood
   function
3. **Earth-like planets around Sun-like stars**: candidate list
4. **Auxiliary data**: Kepler's CCD as a thermometer
5. **Implementation**


Assignment of Tasks
-------------------

* Discuss likelihood function: Baines, Wolpert, Hogg, Loredo, Clyde(?), etc.
  - **3pm 258-ish**
* Discuss search: DFM, Quarles, Angus, etc.
* Run detrenders: DFM, Montet, Quarles, Dawson, et al.
* Choose target list: Montet, Barclay, Christiansen(?), Gal
* Functional testing: Christiansen, Hogg
* Model comparison, visualization: Dawson, Baines, Loredo, Clyde
* How to use/model auxiliary data?: Beuller(?)


Publication Policy
------------------

You can do whatever you want but be nice. The person who pulls the paper
together and finishes it gets to be first author.


Upcoming Agenda
---------------

* 2013-06-17:
  - discussion of form of likelihood (@davidwhogg, @rwolpert, @pdbaines, etc.)
  - demo of using auxiliary data (@dfm, @benmontet)
  - demo of "failure modes" of Carter+Winn (@dawsonri)
