Status
------

* Dawson: looking at residuals of detrending algorithms in wavelet space.
  Gaussian? Most seem to be.
* Baines: wavelet likelihood. Y(t) = (1-q(t|w)) f(t|z) + e(t|psi)
  flux = transit * signal + noise
  - hierarchical model in wavelet space. Gaussian prior on hyperparameters.
  - Loredo: can you include power in the prior since we know the shape of the
    transit in wavelet space?
  - Dawson: we're trying to subtract the transit in real space and then model
    the residuals
  - Jenkins: this assumes that you know everything about the transit
  - Jenkins: what about applying the wavelet transform first and then apply
    detrending in that space to jointly model the two parts?
  - Baines: there's a trade off between computational complexity and the
    complexity of the background model. If detrending *doesn't* hurt the
    transit signal then a simple background model might work and it will run
    very efficiently... otherwise, we'll need to take a step back and try a
    more complicated model?
  - Baines: missing data can also be accounted for
  - Baines: about 99% of the MCMC algorithm have been coded up so we'll start
    doing some tests soon
  - Baines: hook us up with some initialization code.
  - Baines: we're also assuming that everything in positive with additive
    Gaussian noise which is strange
  - Jenkins: that's probably ok for the small signals that we're looking at.
* Montet: needs some injected transits
* Angus: has BLS up and running
* Jenkins: introducing himself... he's the Kepler software man

Plan
----

* generate injections: Barclay, DFM, et al.
* run detrenders: Gal, Montet, Quarles, et al.
* detect transits: Angus, et al.
* what to do with multiple planets?
  - Jenkins: you *can* hit all the planets (top-N peaks in multi-D BLS
    spectrum)
  - Pipeline doesn't. It finds one, masks the data and then fits again.
  - Baines: thinks that it will be easy to write down the multi likelihood
    function but it might not work without a better model for the transit
    shape
  - Jenkins: what about TTVs? Is it possible to include this at a later time
    with the descoped model
